No wonder this seven-fold seven-flower poison can't even bind me
It turned out that the mother made it herself
I wanted to try it when I brought back my wife's body
Let's see if we can bring the dead back to life
Do you know who did this back then?
After several years of investigation by his subordinates
It was found that this matter was related to Li Tianba
Li Tianba
Mr. Gao, this is bad
Li Shao is hospitalized
I heard that he has been scrapped below
This mystery is too ruthless
Go to the Li family and contact them.
Let's see if we can put this to rest
Mr. Gao, we offended the Shen family because of him
Now I have offended the Li family
Anyway, he was trying to save me
I'll go to Dad Li Tian to apologize
Mr. Fang, if you go now, you will hit the muzzle of the gun.
I decided to get out of the way